이번 주 주제는 근무환경(work environment) 입니다

1. What is your ideal work environment?
(이상적인 근무환경은 어떤 모습인가요?)


If I think about the ideal work environment, I would say a free environment. A free mind produces the best results. 
Of course, sometimes a free mind can lead to bad attitudes, but people like that will behave the same no matter what you do..

2. How does your current work environment affect your productivity?
(현재의 근무환경이 생산성에 어떤 영향을 미치나요?)

Unfortunately currently my work environment isn't free. But since my job is a developer, 
The advantage is that I can manage my own schedule until the task is completed. 
Although it is inconvenient to have a set commuting time, I try to use the fact that I can manage a certain schedule to my advantage.
	
3. Do you prefer working in a quiet or more social environment? Why?
(조용한 환경에서 일하는 것을 선호하시나요, 아니면 더 사회적인 환경을 선호하시나요? 그 이유는 무엇인가요?)

I prefer to work in a quiet environment. Because I cant concentrate well. 
I tend to enjoy immersing myself in things, but if that breaks, things dont go well.

4. How important is a comfortable workspace to your overall job satisfaction?
(편안한 작업 공간이 직업 만족도에 얼마나 중요한가요?)
	
Recently, I workd part-time as a delivery person in the morning to motivate mself, and after working in a noisy and hot environment,
I think that a comfortable work space has a huge impact on job satisfactions

5. What changes would you like to see in your current work environment?
(현재 근무환경에서 어떤 변화를 원하시나요?)
	
I hope there will be a development culture for free commuting and work. Because my work style is all about selection and concentration,
so I have to make sure to take a break when Im working.

6. Do you feel that your work environment supports your professional growth?
(근무환경이 당신의 직업적 성장을 지원한다고 느끼나요?)
	
Not at all right now.. I dont understand the idea of setting a set time for work. 
The amount of work is important anyway, and doing more work does not mean paying more.

7. How do you deal with distractions in your work environment?
(근무환경에서 방해 요소들을 어떻게 처리하시나요?)
	
I dont have any clear power at the moment, but I think the simplest way is to do what I have to do and the necessary elements to do it.
If I do my job properly, no one will be able to touch me.

8. What role do colleagues and managers play in creating a positive work environment?
(동료와 관리자가 긍정적인 근무환경을 만드는 데 어떤 역할을 하나요?)

Currently, I am not sure about their reason for existence.
